[cloudflare] add howto env vars (#93)
opennextjs/docs: pages/cloudflare/howtos/env-vars.mdx

## Environment variables

This entry describe the most sensible way to handle your environment variables which works well both during local development and once your application is deployed to Cloudflare Workers.

> On the Cloudflare platform, your environment variables can be stored in either ["Enviroment variables"](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/environment-variables/) or ["Secrets"](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/secrets/). The difference being that Secrets are write only and can not be read back from either the dashboard or the CLI.

Reviewer: nit: i think the write-only part is already covered by saying that they cannot be read back, and i found it a bit confusing reading that until i realised it was only referring to how they're created and not how they're consumed.

```suggestion
On the Cloudflare platform, your environment variables can be stored in either ["Enviroment variables"](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/environment-variables/) or ["Secrets"](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/secrets/). The difference being that Secrets can not be read back from either the dashboard or the CLI after being created.
```

### Local development

While there are multiple ways to set environment variables for local development on the Cloudflare platform (adding them to to your [wrangler configuration](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/secrets/) or to a [.dev.vars](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/secrets/) file) that does not play well with the recommended development workflow as they would not be available while using `next dev`.

> What you should do instead is to use the Next.js [`.env` files](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/configuring/environment-variables) instead. By doing so the environment variables will be available on `process.env` both while running `next dev` and when running you app locally on a Worker with `wrangler dev`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What you should do instead is to use the Next.js [`.env` files](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/configuring/environment-variables). By doing so the environment variables will be available on `process.env` both while running `next dev` and when running your app locally on a Worker with `wrangler dev`.
```

nit: already written earlier in the sentence

Next.js `.env` files are environment specific. That is a `.env.development` will take precedence over a `.env` file when you use the "development" environment. See the Next.js site for a detailed explanation of the [loading order](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/configuring/environment-variables).

You should use the `NEXTJS_ENV` environment variable to select the environment to use when running your app locally on a worker, that's how you would select the "development" environment:

```plain
# .dev.vars
NEXTJS_ENV=development
```

> The "production" environment is used by default when `NEXTJS_ENV` is not explicitely set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "production" environment is used by default when `NEXTJS_ENV` is not explicitly set.
```

### Production

> `.env` and `dev.vars` are local files that should not be added to source control. You should instead use the cloudflare dashboard to set you environment variables for production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.env` and `.dev.vars` are local files that should not be added to source control. You should instead use the cloudflare dashboard to set your environment variables for production.
```
